Adam El ghoul was a happy child who
loved to play football with his
friends and this is the moment the
8-year-old was shot dead by an Israeli
soldier his brother Baja drags his limp
body into cover behind a car his friend
15-year-old Bassel has also been shot
dead close
by the attack happened during one of the
almost dead daily Israeli military raids
on the city of janin in the occupied
West
Bank the Army says it surrounded this
home and killed a commander in the armed
Palestinian resistance during the
17-hour
operation Janine has for years been a
center for Palestinian armed groups
fighting Israel's occupation and
demanding an end to its illegal
settlement
expansion the Israeli soldiers were
leaving the city when one shot the two
young boys dead according to Adam's
family and witnesses there was a convoy
of four Israeli military Jeeps that were
moving in that direction along the main
road around 50 m away they say that the
lead driver slowed down shot 15-year-old
Bassel dead and then shot 8-year-old
Adam in the back of the head and the
pool of blood here marks the spot where
he was
hit
Baja cries as the horror of witnessing
his brother's death begins to sink in
his grandmother stares at a photo of her
beloved
grandson what do you think I
feel what am I supposed to
feel my darling
grandson may God bless
you father Samir is consoled by friends
and family at a community center nearby
Adam's mother was taken to hospital in
shock when she heard the
news I wish I was in a dream and someone
would come to wake me and tell me I'm
just dreaming I would never in God's
name wish these feelings to anyone it's
hard but thank God we are believers but
it's very
[Applause]
hard the body of 15-year-old basil is
carried to the cemetery his family
overcome by
grief and a Palestinian child also never
to be forgotten gunned down by an
Israeli soldier for throwing stones at
an army that is occupied the lands of
his forefathers for almost 60
years Charles stford Al jazer
Janine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer